Add two FAQs and a few updates (#146)
cfw-guide/dsi.cfw.guide: docs/faq.md

---

## Should I do a system update?

> No. The Nintendo DSi is able to run homebrew on any version, including the latest, however there is no benefit to updating. Only previously downloaded titles can be redownloaded from the DSi Shop, the DSi Camera's Facebook integration is long dead, and the only other thing updates did was block flashcards and exploits, which you may need if the main exploits are not usable on your system. There is also an extremely small risk of **bricking** your DSi when performing a system update, likely the same as the risk when installing Unlaunch.

Reviewer: Problems with this altogether:

- Why is this the first thing on the page when most people are probably using the latest firmware?
- Why is the first sentence gramatically incomplete?
- Why is "The Nintendo DSi is able to run homebrew on any version, including the latest, however there is no benefit to updating." so weirdly weird-ly worded?
- Is being able to download previously purchased titles not an objective benefit?
- "which you may need if the main exploits are not usable on your system" could mistakingly be going on both "flashcards and exploits"
- The flashcard point is moot with an Unlaunch install. Sure, it's not guaranteed everyone is going to install Unlaunch, but atleast teach people that they aren't screwed if they update.

I propose this text after the "Will I lose any functionality by modding my system?"

> **Q:** Should I update my system if it's not on 1.4.5 or 1.4.6?
> No, you shouldn't update your device, despite it still being possible to follow our main guide if you would do so regardless. The features provided by said updates are either deprecated (FaceBook's integration with the Nintendo DSi Camera application) or are not substantial enough (the ability to redownload titles you've already purchased on the Nintendo DSi shop) compared to the downsides it brings:
> 
> - Flashcard compatibility has been reduced (redundant with Unlaunch)
> - Exploit choices are limited due to most of the past exploits being patched
> - Every time you write to NAND, there is a small chance of **bricking** your Nintendo DSi."

Author: > Why is this the first thing on the page when most people are probably using the latest firmware?
> Why is the first sentence gramatically incomplete?
> Why is "The Nintendo DSi is able to run homebrew on any version, including the latest, however there is no benefit to updating." so weirdly weird-ly worded?

@Epicpkmn11 

> Is being able to download previously purchased titles not an objective benefit?

I suppose it is.

> "which you may need if the main exploits are not usable on your system" could mistakingly be going on both "flashcards and exploits"

I didn't think of that ~~, but it kinda does still ring true.~~

> The flashcard point is moot with an Unlaunch install.

Assuming this is branching off the above, then yeah that's true.

I have no issue with your suggested rewrite of the FAQ, I can add it if you want me to.

Reviewer 2: > - Why is this the first thing on the page when most people are probably using the latest firmware?
> - Is being able to download previously purchased titles not an objective benefit?

This was written when the shop was in maintenance and appeared dead, at that time there was absolutely zero reason to update and due to the brick risk I figured this was one of if not the most important FAQ. I still think it's important and updating is a bad idea overall, but there is one objective reason to update again, the shop. This could maybe be moved below the "which exploit should I use" FAQ now.

---

> - Why is "The Nintendo DSi is able to run homebrew on any version, including the latest, however there is no benefit to updating." so weirdly weird-ly worded?

This seems like a typo, should be:

> The Nintendo DSi is able to run homebrew on any version, including the latest, ~~however~~ **so** there is no benefit to updating.

---

> - "which you may need if the main exploits are not usable on your system" could mistakingly be going on both "flashcards and exploits"
> - The flashcard point is moot with an Unlaunch install. Sure, it's not guaranteed everyone is going to install Unlaunch, but atleast teach people that they aren't screwed if they update.

Technically it's possible for a DSi to be (fixably) unhackable, if it has no flipnote and a broken camera w/o tutorial done, so flashcard is relevant.

---

That said, I think your rewrite is overall better, though there are a couple parts that I think could be improved:

```suggestion
It is **not** recommended to update your DSi unless you know there are purchased DSiWare. While it still possible to follow this guide if you do so, the only benefit to updating is the ability to access the Nintendo DSi Shop to redownload already purchased titles. All other benefits, such as Facebook integration in the Nintendo DSi Camera application, are no longer usable or are not significant enough to justify the downsides:

- Installing System Updates is known to occasionally **brick** consoles, with roughly the same frequency as when installing Unlaunch
- Older exploits are no longer possible to use, which may be required if you are unable use the recommended exploits
- Flashcard compatibility is reduced, however this is bypassed if you install Unlaunch
```
As you pointed out, redownloading titles is a legitimate reason to update since the Shop is back, and I also reworded and reordered some things so it flowed better imo.

## Which is the best exploit?

> Unlaunch is overall the best exploit for the DSi, with the only downside being that there is a minor brick risk on install. In general it's recommended to use Memory Pit (as it's the simplest and most compatible exploit) to install Unlaunch, however if you decide you want to avoid any risk it's recommended to instead use Flipnote Lenny as using Memory Pit can cause issues in certain cases. Below is a list of the pros and cons of each exploit:

Reviewer: > (as it's the simplest and most compatible exploit)

Yes, that's listed later. Thank you guide:tm:

> however if you decide you want to avoid any risk it's recommended to instead use Flipnote Lenny as using Memory Pit can cause issues in certain cases

This implies Memory Pit is risky.

Also, run on sentence?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlaunch is overall the best exploit for the DSi, with the only downside being that there is a minor brick risk on install. In general it's recommended to use Memory Pit (as it's the simplest and most compatible exploit) to install Unlaunch. If you want to avoid any risk it's recommended to instead use Flipnote Lenny it fewer issues in homebrew than Memory Pit while being just as safe and simple to remove. Below is a list of the pros and cons of each exploit:
```
How's ^? I think the "(as it's the simplest and most compatible exploit)" works as without it the sentence feels too short and it helps clarify why we recommend Memory Pit over Lenny.

Here's without:
```suggestion
Unlaunch is overall the best exploit for the DSi, with the only downside being that there is a minor brick risk on install. In general it's recommended to use Memory Pit to install Unlaunch. If you want to avoid any risk it's recommended to instead use Flipnote Lenny it fewer issues in homebrew than Memory Pit while being just as safe and simple to remove. Below is a list of the pros and cons of each exploit:
```

Author: I personally think it works better with the "(as it's the simplest and most compatible exploit)"

Reviewer 3: Resolved

- hiyaCFW will only work on the system it was set up for
- Even if you are using nds-bootstrap or a flashcard, friend codes in online NDS games will be reset when attempting to go online using a different console

## How do I switch to a new SD card after setting up homebrew?
Format your new SD card using the [SD Card Setup](sd-card-setup.html) instructions, then simply move your data from the old SD card to the new one.

## Can I still use my system normally without the SD card inserted after setting up homebrew?

> Yes. If you did not install Unlaunch, your system will remain completely unmodified.
> - If you *did* install Unlaunch, you may need to [configure Unlaunch](installing-unlaunch.html#section-iii-post-unlaunch-configuration) to automatically boot the original DSi Menu under specified conditions

Reviewer 2: I think the bullet point seems a bit out of place here, I think would be better as just:
```suggestion
Yes. If you did not install Unlaunch, your system will remain completely unmodified. If you *did* install Unlaunch, you may need to [configure Unlaunch](installing-unlaunch.html#section-iii-post-unlaunch-configuration) to automatically boot the original DSi Menu under specified conditions.
```
